For Yacht Wedding
	Imagine the wedding of your dreams aboard one of Singapore’s most romantic yachts. Set sail under the Singapore sun or the incredible, starry night sky with the Pacific Ocean as your backdrop. Nothing is more romantic and unforgettable than a wedding at sea. Invite your closest friends to join you on one of the luxurious yachts and celebrate your new life together! Our packages provide you with all the necessities including a gourmet buffet meal, a splendid wedding gown, a dashing suit for the groom as well as outfits for the bridesmaids and groomsmen. The colourful and unique decorations along with the elegant music and the all important wedding cake will surely make this day perfect.
	
For Beach Wedding
	Have the Caribbean wedding you always dreamed of in the most romantic places on earth - the beaches of Singapore and the adjoining islands. The spirit of an exotic island wedding melds with the unparalled pleasures along the all-inclusive romantic music, delicious gourmet buffet and magnificent flowers and decorations at the beach.  It's the perfect start to the perfect marriage where your fairytale begins the moment you say "I do." The gorgeous bridal gown and bridesmaids' dresses as well as the elegant suits for the groom and the groomsmen provided will be added highlights of this already memorable day.
	
For Royal Wedding
	Have the grand wedding you have always dreamed of! With exquisite floral decorations, amazing music accompanied by mouthwatering gourmet food, this wedding is guaranteed to be a royal affair for your friends and family. The magnificent dresses for the bride and bridesmaids and the sauve suits for the groom and his men will surely reflect the grandeur of the wedding making it even better than the dream!
	
For Church Wedding
	Our quaint, romantic, historical chapel will make the most important day of your lives a stylish and memorable event. Many couples choose this setting for its unique architecture and its one acre of beautifully landscaped property, not to mention the convenient location. The elegant music, classic floral decorations and tasty gourmet recipes will definitely mirror age old traditions and make this day memorable for the rest of your lives.